c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\ModernUIApp1.exe
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\ModernUIApp1.pdb
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\Recherche\RechercheImageCell.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\Recherche\RechercheResultat.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\Recherche\RechercheRegistre.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\Recherche\RechercheTable.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Recherche.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\Recherche\RechercheImageCell.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\Recherche\RechercheResultat.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\Recherche\RechercheRegistre.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\Recherche\RechercheTable.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Recherche.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1.g.resources
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1.exe
c:\users\thfranco\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1.pdb
